1::1::do you want me to say, that i'm sorry? that i apologize? well, people in hell want ice water, pal. selina! selina kyle, you're fired! and bruce wayne, why are you dressed up like batman? i thought about you every time i jerked off, dickhead. did you hear about the happy roman? he was "glad he ate her." you're talking to me all wrong... it's the wrong tone. you do it again and i'll stab you in the face with a soldering iron. hey, tell me, does your mother sew? boom. get her to sew that!
1::2::talking to me all wrong... it's the wrong tone. you do it again and i'll stab you in the face with a soldering iron. hey, tell me, does your mother sew? boom. get her to sew that! i got a fever, and the only prescription is more cowbell. you're talking to me all wrong... it's the wrong tone. you do it again and i'll stab you in the face with a soldering iron. hey, tell me, does your mother sew? boom. get her to sew that! you got the wrong guy, ace! this is america, babe, you gotta think big to be big. two little mice fell in a bucket of cream. the first mouse quickly gave up and drowned. the second mouse, would
1::3::THIS is he struggled so hard that eventually he churned that cream into butter and crawled out. gentlemen, as of this moment, i am that second mouse. i'm neglecting my other guests. 
1::4::he struggled so hard that eventually he churned that cream into butter and crawled out. gentlemen, as of this moment, i am that second mouse. i'm neglecting my other guests. 
1::5::know why the yankees always win, frank? it's 'cause the other teams can't stop staring at those damn pinstripes. two little mice fell in a bucket of cream. the first mouse quickly gave up a
1::6::talking to me all wrong... it's the wrong tone. you do it again and i'll stab you in the face with a soldering iron. hey, tell me, does your mother sew? boom. get 
1::7::jewels, a *very* big ball of string. i thought about you every time i jerked off, dickhead. did you hear about the happy roman? he was "glad he ate her." you know why the yankees always win, frank? it's 'cause the other teams can't stop staring at those damn pinstripes. 
1::8::I'm tired of notes
1::9::he struggled so hard that eventually he churned that cream into butter and crawled out. gentlemen, as of this moment, i am that second mouse. i'm neglecting my other guests. 
1::10::know why the yankees always win, frank? it's 'cause the other teams can't stop staring at those damn pinstripes. two little mice fell in a bucket of cream. the first mouse quickly gave up a
2::1::talking to me all wrong... it's the wrong tone. you do it again and i'll stab you in the face with a soldering iron. hey, tell me, does your mother sew? boom. get 
2::2::jewels, a *very* big ball of string. i thought about you every time i jerked off, dickhead. did you hear about the happy roman? he was "glad he ate her." you know why the yankees always win, frank? it's 'cause the other teams can't stop staring at those damn pinstripes. 
2::3::I'm tired of notes
2::4::he struggled so hard that eventually he churned that cream into butter and crawled out. gentlemen, as of this moment, i am that second mouse. i'm neglecting my other guests. 
2::5::know why the yankees always win, frank? it's 'cause the other teams can't stop staring at those damn pinstripes. two little mice fell in a bucket of cream. the first mouse quickly gave up a
2::12::This is a movie about the greed on Wall Street. It was pretty good, and I think holds the record for the most curse words in one movie. 
2::14::Classic animated movie!
